This
Isn't this the latest bag released by Stone Scissors?
It's worth hundreds of thousands
Is that true?
We never need to buy counterfeits
Lu Family
Lu family, the richest man in Xiangcheng
Ah, what kind of shit luck did I get?
Meeting a Xiao Jichen is not enough
Also picked up 7 bosses
elder brother
You are really Xiao Wanzhen
I am Xia Wanzhen
Your sister
third brother
Is he really a little sister?
But he looks nothing like my portrait.
Although I don't think so either
But quietly the result is this
We have to believe in science.
Little sister is out there
It is understandable to have a pungent personality
We can't because of this
I suspect she is not our biological sister
Yes, we owe her this.
We will treat her better in the future